qwertyuiop
asdfghjkl
zxcvbnm
in the end it doesn't even matter
i hurt myself today
despite all my rage
i am still just a rat in a cage
have you ever heard the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise?
it's not a story the jedi would tell you
ironic, he could save others from death
but not himself
go ahead, make my day
well, my girl's in
the next room
sometimes i wish she was you
i guess we never really moved on
feels good to hear your voice
saying my name
it sounds so sweet
hearing those words
from the lips of an angel
it makes me weak
by the power of greyskull, i have the power
it's over anakin
i have the high ground
here comes dat boi
o shit waddup
i hate sand
it's coarse and irritating, it gets everywhere
well from my point of view, the jedi are evil
great kid, don't get cocky!
i love you
i know
Whenever I get a package of plain M&Ms,
I make it my duty to continue the strength
and robustness of the candy as a species.
To this end, I hold M&M duels.
Taking two candies between my thumb and forefinger,
I apply pressure, squeezing them together until
one of them cracks and splinters. That is the “loser,”
and I eat the inferior one immediately.
The winner gets to go another round.
I have found that, in general, the brown and red M&Ms are tougher,
and the newer blue ones are genetically inferior.
I have hypothesized that the blue M&Ms as a race
cannot survive long in the intense theater of competition
that is the modern candy and snack-food world.
Occasionally I will get a mutation, a candy that is misshapen,
or pointier, or flatter than the rest.
Almost invariably this proves to be a weakness,
but on very rare occasions it gives the candy extra strength.
In this way, the species continues to adapt to its environment.
When I reach the end of the pack, I am left with one M&M,
the strongest of the herd. Since it would make no sense to
eat this one as well, I pack it neatly in an envelope and
send it to M&M Mars, A Division of Mars, Inc., Hackettstown,
NJ 17840-1503 U.S.A., along with a 3×5 card reading,
“Please use this M&M for breeding purposes.”
This week they wrote back to thank me, and sent me a coupon for a
free 1/2 pound bag of plain M&Ms. I consider this “grant money.”
I have set aside the weekend for a grand tournament.
From a field of hundreds, we will discover the True Champion.
There can be only one.
